( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
=No Doubt In Us=
(Adapted from the Manman comic No Doubt in Us)
=Episode 22=
Physician Jiang, how is the Empress?
Your Majesty, please issue an order
to seal Fengyi Palace now.
The Empress
has contracted smallpox.
Please take care of yourself
and give priority to the empire.
Is there any way to treat her?
Smallpox is dangerous.
There is no specific cure.
But I will do my utmost
to care for the Empress.
But this disease
doesn't appear without cause.
There must be an origin.
Someone!
Here.
Investigate thoroughly everything
the Empress has touched
these past few days.
Yes.
Your Majesty.
Jinyun.
(Fengyi Palace)
I've investigated.
Xiao Jinle's belly band
was also sent back then.
Xu Yu put that one away
and only kept my own.
But this rabbit belly band isn't mine.
All those who touched
the belly bands are held.
We only await interrogation.
Since our uncle has already acted,
we need not hesitate any longer.
I'm here to attend to
Her Majesty. Let me in.
Your Majesty, are you feeling better?
(Is she genuinely here
to show concern for me?)
Let Consort Zhao in.
Your Majesty, you scared me.
Don't come in!
I am indeed ill.
I will soon go to the resort palace.
They say you have smallpox.
You are truly sick?
Actually, I guessed
you knew about that matter.
I'm sorry.
I lied to you.
Luckily, today, I have the chance
to explain it clearly to you.
Now, my heart is unburdened.
But from now on, managing
the harem will likely fall to you.
No.
Don't!
The one I admire and cherish
now is you, Xu Yu.
Your Majesty,
I'll manage the harem well
until your return.
Thank you, Consort Zhao.
Please return.
It's not safe here.
Yes.
Xuan.
Go tell the Emperor.
While I'm still lucid,
move me to the resort palace.
Yes.
I do not agree!
Your Majesty, you cannot enter!
The resort palace is far
and lacks proper care.
I'll worry about you.
But the resort palace is spacious.
I can practice my swordplay freely.
Much more liberating than here.
How can you still smile?
If I don't smile now,
when pockmarks are all over my face,
it won't look good when I smile.
Xu Yu.
Your Majesty, you can't!
It risks harm to you.
Have you ever regretted it?
Because of my neglect,
you struggled in the palace.
Mother drugged you,
nearly making you barren,
and I was completely unaware.
As your husband
and the Emperor,
I have caused you
to suffer so much.
It's all in the past.
My only concern now
is for you
and the child I am carrying to be safe.
I will protect the child.
No.
I wish for your safety even more.
I am right here,
guarding you both.
What about the people?
How can Your Majesty jeopardize
the greater good for my sake?
If you keep disturbing my recovery,
I'll ignore you forever.
Don't come so close.
Examine it from a distance.
Don't worry.
Since the attendants
who touched it are fine,
it shows this belly band
carries no disease.
But there must be something else.
One thing definitely exists on this.
What is it?
Xiao Jinle's childhood saliva.
You...
The only sick person now is the groom
who feeds the Empress's horses.
All the maids and eunuchs are fine.
It means there's no disease
on this belly band.
Perhaps
it's some kind of cursed object
or sorcery designed to induce illness.
Why is there a pattern on it?
This is the talismanic spell.
Completing the sorcery
requires two conditions.
First, infect her.
Then, cast the spell.
It seems Prince Ning
used Dada sorcery to unleash smallpox
to spread plague throughout the city
and demoralize the people.
Your Majesty.
Your medicine.
Jiang Tang.
Is this smallpox
Heaven's punishment for me?
Medical texts say it's incurable.
But there are preventative methods.
Since it can be prevented,
it's not Heaven's punishment.
But all the officials
and the people in the city
say so.
How can His Majesty argue
against them on his own?
Your Majesty, please take your medicine.
Your Majesty, how are you?
Your Majesty!
Send word to the palace immediately!
Tell them Her Majesty
doesn't have much time left.
What?
Go!
Yes.
I know I can't persuade you,
but the safety of the entire capital
and the entire Chen rests
on your shoulders alone now.
You must take care of your health.
Sorry
for making you worry.
Hearing you haven't eaten lately,
I specially brought
your favorite pastries.
Consort Zhao seeks an audience.
Your Majesty.
This is the food
we prepared for the Empress.
Please take it to Her Majesty
and tell her
we are worried about her.
Her Majesty must take care of her health
and return safely.
This is a sachet I made for the Empress.
I hope it helps her
sleep peacefully every night.
We all miss the Empress very much.
I...
Thank you on her behalf.
Your Majesty.
You're finally awake.
Has my condition worsened?
Does that mean I don't have to
take this bitter medicine anymore?
You should still take the medicine.
Regain your strength,
so you can speak with His Majesty.
His Majesty?
I've already sent word to His Majesty.
He should be arriving soon.
Your Majesty.
Wear the veil when you see His Majesty
to leave a somewhat good impression.
Well...
I never left a good impression anyway.
Fine, let me put it on.
Xu Yu!
Just stay there!
Don't come any closer.
They told me to wear the veil,
afraid I'd leave you
with an ugly impression.
But looking back,
I don't think I've left you
with a good impression.
You never thought I was pretty anyway.
So,
whether I have pox marks
or not doesn't really matter.
Xu Yu.
Your Majesty.
I have so much I want to say to you.
Although I was born a woman,
in this life,
I've fought on battlefields
and killed enemies,
fulfilling my childhood wish.
I didn't bring shame to my family.
I don't regret that.
I've liked Your Majesty
since I was little.
I got to marry you
but then suffered your misunderstanding.
Now, we have no doubts about each other.
I don't regret that.
I regret.
I realized it too late.
Besides Your Majesty,
I have Jiang Tang,
Hanying,
Jinming around me.
And Huna who is far away in Dada.
I don't regret that.
My only regret
is the child in my womb
who hasn't had the chance
to see this world
and now must go with its mother.
Xu Yu.
Don't say that word.
I command you.
You must live well.
Xiao Jinyun.
In this lifetime,
I've never regretted marrying you
because I couldn't love anyone else,
not as a child,
not ever.
(Xiao Jinyun,)
(meeting you,)
(getting to know you)
(and loving you)
(is the luckiest thing
that has ever happened to me.)
(Even though we've had
misunderstandings and disagreements,)
(in my memory,)
(the happy moments
we shared are the clearest.)
(They have made my life complete)
(and regretless.)
So, Xiao Jinyun,
if I'm no longer in this world someday,
don't be too sad.
We have so many memories.
When you miss me,
just recall those memories.
But don't recall for too long.
We live in this world.
The future is always
much more important than the past.
Right?
I tell you.
You can't just walk away.
♪Parting clouds
to pluck the waxing moon♪
♪Brewing a pot of bygone years♪
♪Chill flame, window shade,
console my grieving soul♪
♪Drunk through lifetimes
with no dreams returned♪
♪If not for letting go, how could I
bear to shatter this dream♪
♪Returning to drift
through the mortal world♪
♪Like her, like me, like you♪
♪Hairpins carved
with endless sighs and regrets♪
♪Fate laid bare my deepest thoughts♪
♪Like vows, like remorse, like love♪
♪Loving, hurting,
and regretting our late meeting♪
♪Tell me, after all this entanglement,
who regrets it more♪